[CUBRIDMAN-236] revise of CUBRID_MSG_LANG (#538)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/env.rst

*   **CUBRID_DATABASES**: The environment variable that designates the location of the **databases.txt** file. The CUBRID system stores the absolute path of database volumes in the **$CUBRID_DATABASES/databases.txt** file. See :ref:`databases-txt-file`.

> *   **CUBRID_MSG_LANG**: The environment variable that specifies usage messages and error messages in CUBRID. The initial value upon start is not defined. If it is not defined, it is set to **en_US**. Values for the environment variables are en_US, en_US.utf8, ko_KR.euckr or  ko_KR.utf8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **CUBRID_MSG_LANG**: The environment variable that specifies the language used for usage and error messages in CUBRID. The initial value upon start is undefined, and if not defined, it is set to **en_US**. Available values for the environment variable are en_US, en_US.utf8, ko_KR.euckr, and ko_KR.utf8.
```
